Ring combos are effects that can occur when two or more rings are worn.
Combos differ from effect stacking in that the effects are unique, not
just an increase in the effect strength. There are combos that affect
the sword, bombs, boomerang, feather, item pickups, punching, and even
some collision properties.

Combo Effects:
    1:  Super Boomerang:
        Both levels of boomerang won't return when hitting pickups or enemies.
        The Magic Boomerang can be controlled as long as the button is held
        down, and has a tighter turning radius.

    2:  Lightning Boomerang:
        The boomerang will move across the screen as fast as a sword beam.

    3:  Diggerang:
        Boomerang will dig any tiles it crosses.
        NOTE: Must have acquired the shovel.

    4:  Remote Bombs:
        Bombs don't explode until you press the bomb button again.

    5:  Instant Bombs:
        Bombs explode instantly.

    6:  Mining Bombs:
        Causes bombs to dig up any earth within the explosion radius.
        Great when combined with Red and Gold Joy Rings when farming for Rupees.
        NOTE: Must have acquired the shovel.

    7:  Joyful Alchemy:
        Double the number of ammo created by the Alchemy ring.
        Wearing both Green Joy and Gold Joy will triple the amount.

    8:  Joyful Recovery:
        Double the number of hearts recovered by the Heart rings.
        Wearing both Blue Joy and Gold Joy will triple the amount.

    9:  Dolphin:
        Enables use of most items while swimming in shallow water(including the feather).
        Link must first dive so he appears as a shadow(prevents players from jumping whirlpools).

    10: Underwater Items:
        Enables use of items in slot B while underwater(does not prevent you from surfacing).

    11: Acrobat:
        Landing on an enemy causes Link to vault off them into the air.

    12: Expert Acrobat:
        Landing on an enemy causes Link to vault off them into the air, while stunning them.

    13: Kenpo Master:
        Allows Link to destroy various types of tiles with his fists.
        Enables much of the game to be traversed without pausing to swap items.
        NOTE: Must have acquired specific items to destroy specific tiles.
            Small tree    - Ember Seeds
            Bush/Pot/Rock - Bracelet
            Dirt mound    - Shovel
            Cracked walls - Bombs

    14: Hadouken:
        Punching shoots a fireball that burns enemies on contact.
        Has the same heart requirements as shooting a sword beam.
        NOTE: Must have acquired the Slingshot or Seed Shooter.

    15: Hurricane Spin:
        Spin-attack 15 times while being able to move, but get dizzy once it ends.

    16: Enter the SHMUP:
        Hold charged sword to continually fire sword beams.

    17: Become the Beamos:
        Up to 2 sword beams on screen at once.

    18: Smashing Board:
        Shield can be used as a weapon to tackle enemies.
        Damage dealt increases with shield level and your speed.

    19: Judo Master:
        Held items can be used to bonk enemies.
        Most enemies can be picked up and thrown.
        Press the button that the item was not picked up with to bonk.



DO NOT LOOK PAST THIS LINE IF YOU WANT TO FIGURE THE COMBOS OUT FOR YOURSELF




Combo Requirements:
    1:  Rang Ring L-1 + Rang Ring L-2
    2:  Haste Ring + Rang Ring L-1 or L-2  or
        Toss Ring  + Rang Ring L-1 or L-2
    3:  Toss Ring  + Discovery Ring + Rang Ring L-1 or L-2
    4:  Peace Ring + Bombers Ring
    5:  Haste Ring + Bombproof Ring
    6:  Blast Ring + Discovery Ring
    7:  Green and/or Gold Joy Ring + Alchemy Ring
    8:  Blue  and/or Gold Joy Ring + Heart Ring L-1 and/or L-2
    9:  Swimmer's Ring + Zora Ring
    10: Any combination of two of the following:
        Swimmer's Ring
        Mermaid Suit
        Roc's Ring
        Zora Ring
    11: Roc's Ring + Steadfast Ring
    12: Acrobat Combo + Expert's Ring
    13: Expert's Ring + Fist Ring
    14: Expert's Ring + Energy Ring
    15: Spin Ring   + Charge Ring
    16: Energy Ring + Charge Ring
    17: Energy Ring + Light Ring L-1 or L-2
    18: Haste Ring + Steadfast Ring
    19: Toss Ring  + Expert's Ring